For whom the bell tolls (Category: Misc) Author(s): Til
To be frank, the impact partying robots had on the Oktoberfest in the recent
years was disastrous. While the authorities have been able to downplay all
recent incidents in the press (which habitually tends to blame visitors from
the U.S., Australia, Cologne, and other places, where proper beer can only be
found by the initiated), they can no longer deny the problem. Several public
safety and law enforcement agencies have joined forces to spoil the robot's
fun. They have planned a massive crackdown on our fun-seeking robotic friends.
Time and location are currently being communicated together with a passphrase.
Our organization, Robots on Rampage (RoR), is determined to stop them from
stopping our annual beer-tasting event. 
A robot agent on location in Munich has dectected a transmission between
timestamp 2013-10-19-20:21:42 and 2013-10-19-20:21:43. The precise beginning
of the transmission is unknown. The agent was unable to decrypt the message
content. Being not the smartest agent, he also disposed of the message
capture. In the following we were able to determine the sender location and
the Forensic Analysis Robot Team (FART) was able to retrieve the session key
and a initialization vector (IV). Judging from the memory fragments FART
found, our best guess is that OpenSSL's AES implementation was used in one of
the better modes to encrypt the communication. As the session key length is
128bit, the long term key is most probably longer. Due to time constraints we
strongly advise against trying to break it. We have less confidence in the
humans' ability to design proper communication protocols and services, though.
However, we need a human to attack their logic. 

We have no way to actively communicate with the server the use for
coordination. However, we can give you access to one of the lawful
interception wiretaps those humans build into all their equipment. A TCP
connection to ctf.fluxfingers.net:1334 will give you a maximum of 60 seconds
of traffic. We have also found active equipment of a human agent we can
interact with. He seems to listen on ctf.fluxfingers.net:1333, but we have no
idea what he does with the input, except that there is encrypted traffic.


